hosts                           interface                           Direction
BGP                              ethextnkn                          Incoming
BGP                              ethextnkn                          Outgoing
BGP                              ethextvfn                          Incoming
BGP                              ethextvfn                          Outgoing
BGP                              ethintvfn                          Incoming
BGP                              ethintvfn                          Outgoing
BGP                              ethexttcl                          Incoming
BGP                              ethexttcl                          Outgoing
BGP                              eth1                               Incoming
BGP                              eth1                               Outgoing
BGP                              eth2                               Incoming
BGP                              eth2                               Outgoing
BGP                              eth4                               Incoming
BGP                              eth4                               Outgoing
BGP                              eth5                               Incoming
BGP                              eth5                               Outgoing
BGP                              usb0                               Incoming
BGP                              usb0                               Outgoing
ifwa                             eth3                               Incoming
ifwa                             eth3                               outgoing
ifwa                             ethdz0                             Incoming
ifwa                             ethdz0                              Outgoing
ifwa                             ethdz9                              Incoming
ifwa                             ethdz9                              Outgoing
ifwa                             ethint                              Incoming
ifwa                             ethint                              Outgoing
ifwa                             usb0                                Incoming
ifwa                             usb0                                Outgoing
ifwb                             eth3                               Incoming
ifwb                             eth3                               outgoing
ifwb                             ethdz0                             Incoming
ifwb                             ethdz0                              Outgoing
ifwb                             ethdz9                              Incoming
ifwb                             ethdz9                              Outgoing
ifwb                             ethint                              Incoming
ifwb                             ethint                              Outgoing
ifwb                             usb0                                Incoming
ifwb                            usb0                                Outgoing
dwar                             br0                                 Incoming
dwar                            br0                                 Outgoing
dwar                            eth0                                Incoming
dwar                            eth0                                Outgoing
dwar                            tap0                                Incoming
dwar                            tap0                                Outgoing
nm1                             eth0                                Incoming
nm1                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm1                             eth1                                Incoming
nm1                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm1                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm1                             virbr0                              Outgoing
nm2                             eth0                                Incoming
nm2                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm2                             eth1                                Incoming
nm2                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm2                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm2                             virbr0                              Outgoing
nm3                             eth0                                Incoming
nm3                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm3                             eth1                                Incoming
nm3                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm3                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm3                             virbr0                              Outgoing
nm4                             eth0                                Incoming
nm4                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm4                             eth1                                Incoming
nm4                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm4                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm4                             virbr0                              Outgoing
nm5                             eth0                                Incoming
nm5                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm5                             eth1                                Incoming
nm5                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm5                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm5                             virbr0                              Outgoing
nm6                             eth0                                Incoming
nm6                             eth0                                Outgoing
nm6                             eth1                                Incoming
nm6                             eth1                                Outgoing
nm6                             virbr0                              Incoming
nm6                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp1                             eth0                                Incoming
tp1                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp1                             eth1                                Incoming
tp1                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp1                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp1                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp2                             eth0                                Incoming
tp2                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp2                             eth1                                Incoming
tp2                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp2                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp2                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp3                             eth0                                Incoming
tp3                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp3                             eth1                                Incoming
tp3                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp3                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp3                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp4                             eth0                                Incoming
tp4                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp4                             eth1                                Incoming
tp4                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp4                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp4                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp5                             eth0                                Incoming
tp5                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp5                             eth1                                Incoming
tp5                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp5                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp5                             virbr0                              Outgoing
tp6                             eth0                                Incoming
tp6                             eth0                                Outgoing
tp6                             eth1                                Incoming
tp6                             eth1                                Outgoing
tp6                             virbr0                              Incoming
tp6                             virbr0                              Outgoing